ALEC-227: ALEC docs: update installation section (#101)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/install/pages/introduction.adoc

= Installation Overview

> There are two options available for ALEC deployment: basic and distributed installations.
> 
> A xref:basic_install.adoc[basic deployment], which installs ALEC in the OpenNMS core as an additional service, is easy to set up and lets you evaluate or test ALEC with your existing environment.
> 
> A xref:admin:distributed_install.adoc[distributed deployment], which installs ALEC externally on one or more OpenNMS Sentinel servers, requires a more involved setup that we recommend for a production environment where you have load, scaling, and resiliency requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options available for ALEC deployment: basic and distributed installations.
A xref:basic_install.adoc[basic deployment], which installs ALEC in the OpenNMS core as an additional service, is easy to set up and lets you evaluate or test ALEC with your existing environment.
A xref:admin:distributed_install.adoc[distributed deployment], which installs ALEC externally on one or more OpenNMS Sentinel servers, requires a more involved setup that we recommend for a production environment where you have load, scaling, and resiliency requirements.
```

> .Basic vs. distributed deployment pros and cons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Basic versus distributed installation
```

[options="header"]
[cols="1,2,2"]
|===

> | Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Installation
```

| Pros
| Cons

| Basic
| Easy to set up.
| Additional load on your OpenNMS instance.

| Distributed
| 1. Removes load from the OpenNMS core.
2. Fault tolerant setup (ALEC runs in high availability).
| Additional complexity (more components to manage).
|===

== System prerequisites

ALEC requires the following:

> * Horizon 30.0.1+ or Meridian 2022+ (see link:https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/deployment/core/introduction.html[OpenNMS deployment] for help on getting started with OpenNMS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Horizon 30.0.1+ or Meridian 2022+ (see https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/deployment/core/introduction.html[OpenNMS deployment] for help on getting started with OpenNMS).
```

* https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch[Elasticsearch] 6.7.0–7.6.2 to maintain event and alarm history for training purposes (see https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/operation/deep-dive/elasticsearch/introduction.html[Elasticsearch integration]).

== Before you begin

> You must complete the xref:pre_install.adoc[pre-installation tasks] before doing a basic or distributed deployment.

Reviewer: I think this section is redundant, since we have the same section in both of the installation pages.

= Installation Overview

> There are two options for ALEC deployment: basic and distributed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options available for ALEC deployment: basic and distributed installations.
```

A xref:basic_install.adoc[basic deployment], which installs ALEC in the OpenNMS core as an additional service, is easy to set up and lets you evaluate or test ALEC with your existing environment.

> A xref:admin:distributed_install.adoc[distributed deployment], which installs ALEC externally on an OpenNMS Sentinel server(s), requires a more involved setup that we recommend for a production environment where you have load, scaling, and resiliency requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A xref:admin:distributed_install.adoc[distributed deployment], which installs ALEC externally on one or more OpenNMS Sentinel servers, requires a more involved setup that we recommend for a production environment where you have load, scaling, and resiliency requirements.
```

> .Basic vs. Distributed deployment pros and cons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Basic vs. distributed deployment pros and cons
```

[options="header"]
[cols="1,2,2"]
|===
| Deployment
| Pros
| Cons

| Basic
| Easy to set up.
| Additional load on your OpenNMS instance.

| Distributed

> | 1. Take load off of the OpenNMS core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1. Removes load from the OpenNMS core.
```

> 
> 2. Fault tolerant setup (ALEC runs in high availability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fault tolerant setup (ALEC runs in high availability).
```

| Additional complexity (more components to manage).
|===

== System prerequisites

ALEC requires the following:

> * Horizon 30.0.1+ or Meridian 2022+ up and running.
> (See link:https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/deployment/core/introduction.html[OpenNMS deployment] for help on getting started with OpenNMS.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Horizon 30.0.1+ or Meridian 2022+ (see link:https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/deployment/core/introduction.html[OpenNMS deployment] for help on getting started with OpenNMS).
```

> * https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch[Elasticsearch] 6.7.0–7.6.2 to maintain event and alarm history for training purposes.
> (See https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/31/operation/deep-dive/elasticsearch/introduction.html[Elasticsearch integration] for more information.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch[Elasticsearch] 6.7.0–7.6.2 to maintain event and alarm history for training purposes (see https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/operation/deep-dive/elasticsearch/introduction.html[Elasticsearch integration]).
```

> == Before you begin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Before you begin

```
